nerve flossing is not as complicated as
it sounds imagine you have tiny cables
attached to the ends of your toes they
go through the bottom of your foot up
your calf through your hamstring into
your spine all the way up into your
skull well you don't have to imagine you
do they're called nerves the problem
with nerves is they do not stretch a lot
so here's where flossing comes in
instead of just holding a stretch and
you're feeling tingles in the bottom of
your feet because you're pulling your
toes toward you what you're going to do
is floss them pull on one end of the
string and then on the other end of the
string for me this looks a little
something like this but for somebody
who's just starting it's gonna look
something like this the simplest way to
explain it is you're lubricating your
nerves so that there's less friction so
that they can slide a little bit more
easily in their nerve sheet so how do
you use it you choose your favorite
method of nerve floss and you do it for
30 reps or 30 seconds whichever comes
first in just one session you're gonna
see a temporary Improvement that
Improvement gets a little bit more
permanent the more you do it stay flexy